1.Any number of players can be added to the game itself.

2.The game consist of 4 types of dices and each of them has specific particular number of sides as follows:
         * 6 sides
         * 12 sides
         * 18 sides
         * 24 sides
  And,the every player which is log in to game should select the number of sides of the dice initially.
  when selecting dice,it must select only above mentioned type.other wise it will not continue to rounds.


3.every player has to sign in to the game by adding their username and the password.

3.The players will be able to notify that how many player has been engage,to the game before 
  starts it's rounds.

4.There is a Non Human Player in the game known as the computer, And he will be the first player
  who roll the dice.
  accidently, if there are only one player engage to the game,still he can player the game 
  as there is a non human player.This is a more important senario in this case. 

5.each player need to press 'r' key in the key board and to roll the dice,and once all the players 
  has complete rolling dice,one round of the game will be finish by showing the results of 
  that specific particular round.

6.As like that there are 3 rounds of the game and player need to play all the 3 rounds.
  And every round will show the results seperatly.
 
7. Finally it will print the final scores of each and every player and also the winner will be 
  claculated.And the username of the selected winner will be printed on the console.

8.players can play another gameplay once the gameplay is finished.

9.if any of the player log in to the game need to sign out from the game, that player can 
   sigout before the new gameplay is begins, by entering his/her username which was entered before.

10.Any number of players can be sign out.

11.After sign out the game can be continue to another gameplay with the exsisting players,
   and new players also can be added.

12.Players can change the sides of the dice when each and every new gameplay is begins.

13.If another round is not going to play by the players,all the player in the game will be
   automatically sign out.

14.Every invalid inputs from the players are not acceptable by the game.



 

